{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2512
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25400\viewh13280\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 # \outl0\strokewidth0 Stack Overflow data analysis project\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\
The Stack Overflow 2018 - 2019 surveys https://insights.stackoverflow.com/survey data were used here in order to get some information on how programming community changed in 1 year\
### Table of Contents\
\
1. [Installation](#installation)\
2. [Project Motivation](#motivation)\
3. [File Description](#files)\
4. [Results](#results)\
5. [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)\
\
## Installation <a name="installation"></a>\
This project uses a Jupyter Notebook running Python 3 with the libraries numpy, pandas and matplotlib. These can be installed using pip but should be included in the Anaconda distribution of Python.\
\
## Project Motivation <a name="motivation"></a>\
This project was written as part of the Udacity Data Scientist course. I wondered on how \outl0\strokewidth0 programming community changes in 1 year.\
\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\
## File Descriptions <a name="files"></a>\
JupyterNotebook.ipynb contains the Python code for this project.\
It assumes that the surveys data is in the same directory.\
This can be found at \outl0\strokewidth0 https://insights.stackoverflow.com/survey\outl0\strokewidth0 \
\
## Results <a name="results"></a>\
Throughout the notebook, I posed three questions related to business or real-world applications:\
1. Which are the most used languages in 2019 and 2018? and whether they changed.\
2. Where do the programmers come from? and whether it changed.\
3. Are there more male, female or non-binary programmers? and whether it changed.\
\
I found out the following:\
* Between 2019 and 2018, the four most used programming languages remained the same, but Python took Bash/Shell/PowerShell's place. \
* Between 2019 and 2018, programmers' countries did not change a lot, but there was a remarkable decreasement of indian programmers.\
* Between 2018 and 2019 there was an overall increament of all genders, but male programmers community remains the heighest.\
\
## Acknowledgements <a name="acknowledgements"></a>\
Must acknowledge Stack Overflow and Kaggle for the data. Guidance on implementing the notebook and README were taken from learnings in the Udacity course. \
}